Add failure (and success hooks) (#1361)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/failure_and_success_hooks/README.md

## Defining hooks

A hook can be defined as a callback function, and must be accessible
within the repository where the pipeline and steps are located:

```python
def on_failure():
    print("Step failed!")

def on_success():
    print("Step succeeded!")

@step(on_failure=on_failure)
def my_failing_step() -> int:
    """Returns an integer."""
    raise ValueError("Error")

@step(on_success=on_success)
def my_successful_step() -> int:
    """Returns an integer."""
    return 1
```

In this example, we define two hooks: `on_failure` and `on_success`, which print a message when the step fails or succeeds, respectively. We then use these hooks with two steps, `my_failing_step` and `my_successful_step`. When `my_failing_step` is executed, it raises a `ValueError`, which triggers the `on_failure` hook. Similarly, when `my_successful_step` is executed, it returns an integer successfully, which triggers the on_success hook.

A step can also be specified as a local user-defined function
path (of the form `mymodule.myfile.my_function`). This is
particularly useful when defining the hooks via
a [YAML Config](../pipelines/settings.md).

## Defining steps on a pipeline level

> In some cases, there is a need to define a hook on all steps of a given pipeline. Rather than having to define it on all steps individually, you can also specify any hook on the pipeline level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, there is a need to define a hook on all steps of a given pipeline rather than just on individual steps. 
```

Note, that step-level defined hooks take precendence over pipeline-level
defined hooks.

```python
@pipeline(on_failure=on_failure, on_success=on_success)
def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

## Accessing step information inside a hook

> A hook function signature can optionally take three type annotated arguments of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hook function signature can optionally take three type-annotated arguments of
```

the following types:

- `StepContext`: You can pass an object inside a hook of type `StepContext` to
get access to information such as pipeline name, run name, step name etc
- `BaseParameters`: You can pass a `BaseParameters` inside the step
- `Exception`: In case of failure hooks, if you add an `Exception` argument to the hook,
then ZenML passes the Exception that caused your step to fail.

Please note that in case of `BaseParameters` and `Exception` the concrete class
defined by the step will be passed. For example, if a step's parameters class is
called `MyParameters`, that will be the object that is passed into the hook. Also,
if a `ValueError` is raised inside a step, the exception would also be of type
`Exception`.

```python
from zenml.steps import BaseParameters, StepContext, step

# Use one or any of these in the signature
def on_failure(context: StepContext, params: BaseParameters, exception: Exception):
    print(context.step_name)  # Output will be `my_step`
    print(type(params))  # Of type MyParameters

>     print(type(exception))  # Of type value error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    print(type(exception))  # Of type ValueError
```
